Run "python build.py" in the indeed-crawler directory to compile the program. Afterwards, the indeed-crawler/dist/driver, indeed-crawler/dist/fasttext-model, and indeed-crawler/dist/icon folders, and the indeed-crawler/dist/default_q_and_a.json file must be copied and pasted to the indeed-crawler/dist/job-crawler-beta directory. The resuting indeed-crawler/dist/job-crawler-beta/job-crawler-beta.exe is equiped with a graphical user interface.

The program uses Selenium to access the job search website and a word embedding model to answer screening questions, based on the default_q_and_a json file and what the user enters into the Requirements Document on the graphical user interface. The user must have a job search account and their resume uploaded to the account before running the program to begin applying to jobs. 

The fasstext word embedding model can be downloaded [here](https://fasttext.cc/docs/en/crawl-vectors.html). The program is currently hardcoded to use the cc.en.100.bin model, which is the cc.en.300.bin model that has been reduced to 100 dimensions for ease of use. This model must be stored in the indeed-crawler/fasttext-model directory if running main.py, or the indeed-crawler/dist/job-crawler-beta/fasttext-model directory if running the compiled executable.

Due to the dynamic nature of web development, the program is not garanteed to function properly and may need to be edited from time to time to restore functionality. A future endeavor will be to utilize an original machine learning model to enable the program to work on any website or to at least accept minute changes to a given website, but for now the program is hardcoded to search for specific tags or regex patterns on a specific website's source code.
